Hello.
How can I help you?
I would like a table for four, please.
Of course.
Please follow me.
Here is a table for four.
Thank you.
Could you give us the menu, please?
Yes, of course.
Here you are.
Thank you.
Can I get you anything to drink?
Just water for me.
I'll have a lemonade.
I'll have a little shake.
I have in orange.
Great.
I'll be right back.
Are you ready to order?
Yes, we are.
I'll have the grilled chicken and a salad.
Would you like a starter?
Sewer?
Yes.
I'd like the vegetable soup for starter.
I'd like the vegetable soup for the main course.
I'd like the grilled fish.
I'll have that you consume.
And, um And Sonya?
The chicken soup, grilled chicken and some salad.
Excellent.
I'll be right back.
It's not so great.
I am so hungry.
And I want to eat.
But the soup is so hot.
I can barely touch it.
Wait for it to cool down before you eat it.
Grilled chicken tastes delicious, doesn't it, Paul?
Yes, Dad.
It doesn't mean.
What about your lasagna, Amy?
I love it.
It's my favorite dej.
Great.
How's your mom?
It's excellent.
I'm so glad we came to this restaurant.
Could you please pass me the salt?
Paul?
Here you are, Mom.
Thank you.
Did you enjoy your meal?
Yes, it was wonderful.
Thank you.
Would you like something for dessert?
Yes, For dessert.
I'll have ice cream, please.
I'll have the chocolate cake.
I'll have ice cream.
I'll have the cheese cake, please.
Everything looks great.
Let's eat the desserts.
Dad, I'm thirsty.
I would like to drink some water.
Excuse me.
Yes, sir.
How can I help you?
Could you bring my son a glass of water, please?
Yes, of course.
Thank you.
Can I bring you anything else?
No, thank you.
Just the bill.
Okay, sir.
I'll be right back with I take your order.
Yes, I like hamburgers, french fries and the salad, please.
Anything else?
ACO, Please.
For hero to go.
**** here.
It cost $6.
Here you are.
Thank you.
And here's your order.
Hi.
What will you have high.
I'll have a double cheeseburger with fries, please.
Would you like your cheeseburger with everything on it?
No Onions, please.
Would you like anything to drink?
Yes.
A bottle of mineral water, please.
Is that it?
Yes, that's it.
For here.
Or to go todo it cost $7.
25.
Here you are.
Here is your order.
Thank you, Pops.
Your phone taco is very spicy, but I really like What about your hamburger?
My **** **** has a sweet flavor.
It's really yummy, actually.
Don't mind spicy.
I can't stand the sweet flavor.
I like it spicy and salty.
So do you often eat fast food?
Pretty often.
About three times a week.
And you, Mom, what's your everything here?
My favorite food is taco, But I'm also crazy about fried chicken sandwich.
It's so taste.
How about you before the chicken hamburger with pricing Coke?
Great.
Hey.